Manual File Locking - Lock Breakers (#4513)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/files/manual_file_locking.adoc

== Enable or Disable the UI Component

> NOTE: The _user-facing_ components in the web interface are disabled by default because this feature allows users to lock other users' files *exclusively*. Even the owner of the file can't unlock them. Lock releasing can only be done by the locking user, a user being member of a lock breaking group if defined, or until the lock expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The _user-facing_ components in the web interface are disabled by default because this feature allows users to lock other users' files *exclusively*. Even the owner of the file can't unlock them. Lock releasing can only be done by the locking user, a user who is a member of a lock breaking group (if defined), or until the lock expires.
```

== Configuration

> To prevent files being locked infinitely, there is a mechanism that automatically expires locks after a certain time. The expiration time of locks can either be configured via the web interface or using occ commands. In addition, administrators can define groups which members can break locks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent files being locked infinitely, there is a mechanism that automatically expires locks after a certain time. The expiration time of locks can either be configured via the web interface or using occ commands. In addition, administrators can define groups whose members can break locks.
```

Reviewer: Actually I am not sure about this one! "groups which members" sounds strange to me, but a sentence like "these are the groups which have a lot of members" sounds fine. "which" is about "groups", and the group is not a person, so "which" should be correct. I need an English professional!

Reviewer: https://ell.stackexchange.com/questions/164967/which-vs-whose has a good explanation. "whose" is correct in this context. "who" is a word asking about a living thing, but "whose" can be used referring to both living and non-living things.

.The default timeout for the locks is, if not specified (in seconds):
Maximum lifetime of a lock set via the web interface (or by not specifying a timeout value when calling the WebDAV Locks API).

.The maximum timeout for the locks (in seconds):
Maximum lifetime of locks which is allowed to be set by calling the WebDAV Locks API.

.Define lock breaker groups:

> Users being member of these groups can break locks set by another user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users who are a member of these groups can break locks set by another user.
```
